manifest: Update Matter revision to pull PSA Crypto changes (#13516)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration_guides.rst

Migration guides
################

> Required changes

Reviewer: I guess this page is only TOC. You should put this information in migration_guide_2_6.rst, no?

Author: Hmm, I've never added migration steps yet, but adding it to the `migration_guide_2_6.rst` looks better indeed :)

****************

* From this release, Matter over Thread samples work with PSA Crypto API enabled by default instead of mbedTLS as a cryptography backend.
  To be aware of that change and perform the migration from the mbedTLS PSA Crypto API you need to consider the following points:

  * PSA Crypto API can be disabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA` Kconfig option to ``n``.
    After that, the device will use mbedTLS API as the cryptography backend.
  * If the DAC (Device Attestation Certificate) private key exists in the factory data set and at least one of the following Kconfig option is set to ``y``:

      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM`
      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_STORAGE_BACKEND_AEAD_KEY_DERIVE_FROM_HUK`

>     it automatically migrates to the PSA ITS secure storage and is replaced by the zeros.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    it automatically migrates to the PSA ITS secure storage and is replaced by the zeros in factory data partition.
```

>     To not replace the DAC private key with zeros in the factory data, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA_MIGRATE_DAC_PRIV_KEY` Kconfig option to ``n``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To prevent the replacement of the DAC private key with zeros in the factory data, after migration to PSA ITS secure storage, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_CRYPTO_PSA_MIGRATE_DAC_PRIV_KEY` Kconfig option to ``n``.
```
